Add multi-inventory data structure (#872)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/api/multi-inventory.md

* [Request & Response Structure](https://shopware.stoplight.io/docs/admin-api/ZG9jOjEyMzAzNDU1-request-and-response-structure)
* [Endpoint Structure](https://shopware.stoplight.io/docs/admin-api/ZG9jOjEyMzA1ODA5-endpoint-structure)

## Data structure

> The multi-inventory feature relies on a specific data structure to function optimally. To understand this data structure, a detailed entity-relationship model is provided below. This model visually represents the various entities involved in the multi-inventory feature, as well as the relationships between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Multi-Inventory feature implements a specific data structure for its internal stock handling. The following entity-relationship model visually represents the new entities, as well as the relationships between them and platform entities.
```
